Today's topic is about Jason Padgett. 
I want to explain his life.
Actually, he is an accidentally genious.
He thinks the universe was created entirely geometrical shapes.
He works about "numbers theories" 
At the same time he is a furnisher.
He sells couch ,armchair, bed at his store.
it is so weird ,isn't it.
what does he do at furniture store as a Math genious.
when do you find out his periodic changed life, you will surprise a lot.
he is not congenital genious, he became accidentally genious.
first transformation:
Jason Padgett was absolutely different man in 90s, 
he had so bad degree at school.(he was so bad at school)
he made his friends done his homeworks.
he copied at his exams.
Neverthless, he failed the class .
he did not do homeworks about maths, even if painting lesson.
he introduced hisself as a partying man and getting girls.
Threfore he took care of his hair shapes, 
you can imagine a teenager who make a muscle man and get some hormons.
he spent his times partying,
again on one of crazy night , he went out to karaoke bar with his friends.
there was happened badly things in karoake bar. 
But out of bar they were attacked(assult) by someone. 
That robbers punched his head and they steal his jacket and his wallet.
with this receiving punch , he claimed he fell flat on the ground  
as soon as he saw a white light
whan he received kicks and punch to his head, he didn't see the attackers.
he fastly was taken to the hospital 

2. transformation
after the hospital , everything of his life changed immediately.
he began to display signs of  obsessive compulsive disorder.
he always washed your hands , after he doubt about towel which he  dried hands, then again wash your hands, 
and then he doubt about FAUCET which he touched to wash his hands, and then again he washed.
as like obessions
he could not go out from his home because of depression
he hammered three layers of blankets on his windows to avoid sunlights.
he was sleeping for days and then he got up  then again he continued to sleep for days.

3.transformation
while he was living with weird situation , another weird thing appeared.
he did not perceive the world as old times
when he open(?) the faucet and look at flowing water , he did not see water , he show hundreds of line  with water.
on his notes "everything looked  so weird"
Actually when we watch a film , we show at independent of each other pictures.
But human brain begins to see 12 picture at one second , it supposes they are conected each other. actually moving
therefore in films 24 photos are showed , cross 2 
so film industry are introduced itself as a motion pictures.
Jason started to be able to see  unmoved things.
after he stayed at home , when he looked everything , he started to see geometric shapes.(sun,cloud, rain ,clock...)
he sai he felt it is related of maths . espically Pi number.

4.transformation
he decided to draw this shapes and he almost believed it can treatment effects of hisself.
when he started to draw he avoided all of obsessions , he could focus one thing.
at the same time he thought he started to be crazy
he started to research about himself and he diagnosed himself synesthesia illness. 
and he reached some doctors who was professional about this illness.
synesthesia is mixing emotional and sense feelings

they introduce this ilness with  some samples :
hear a picture,
see some sounds.
this people make a relation between word and colour.
for ex. according to him , monday is a blue.
But jason status is so prvate situation so scientists immediately research his situation
--
matematiksel formüller görünce beyninin belli fonksiyonları harekete geçiyor.
geometric şekiller görüyor.
sahte resimlerde beyinde hiçbir hareket yok.
uzmanlar, uykuda olan matematiksel potansiyeli ortaya çıkarıyor diye açıklıyorlar.
bunun adı aslında sonradan edinilmiş savant sendromu
20 civarında vaka tıbbi olarak kayıtlara geçmiş
dünyada toplam 40 kişi olabiliceğine inanılıyor.
2 örnek şimşek çakınca müzik dehasına dönüşen biri ve at arabasından düşen fotoğraf dehası.
film kameralarının doğuşuna ışık tutan biri

5.transformation
okula ggeri dönüyor. ve kendne geliyor. hayata döndüm diye kendine söylüyor.

6.transformation
iyi yönde ilerlemeye başlıyor ve okulda biriyle anlaşıp evleniyor. kendi vakası gibi insanlara yardım ediyor.

bizim beynimizde de uyku halinde kalan bir yer olabilir mi?
doktor açıklaması herkesin beyninde uykuda kalan bir şey vardır.
bunu nasıl ortaya çıkarabiliriz. kafamıza bişi düşmeden .

brady simons uyuşturucu kullanan serseri. 
o da o gece değişmiş ve yardım kuruluşlarında çalışmış. ve jason ı bulup özür dilemiş.
jason ne düşünmüştür. affetmeninde geometrik şeklini gördüm demiş.